Update rbac documentation (#10409)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/AccordionForm.md

Note that you **must** set the `<AccordionForm resetOptions>` prop to `{ keepDirtyValues: true }`. If you forget that prop, any change entered by the end user after the autosave but before its acknowledgement by the server will be lost.

If you're using it in an `<Edit>` page, you must also use a `pessimistic` or `optimistic` [`mutationMode`](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Edit.html#mutationmode) - `<AutoSave>` doesn't work with the default `mutationMode="undoable"`.
If you're using it in an `<Edit>` page, you must also use a `pessimistic` or `optimistic` [`mutationMode`](./Edit.md#mutationmode) - `<AutoSave>` doesn't work with the default `mutationMode="undoable"`.

Check [the `<AutoSave>` component](./AutoSave.md) documentation for more details.

> ## Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)

Reviewer: I think you should keep that section, but update it to use the `enableAccessControl` syntax. Same for the other components.

> If you're using it in an `<Edit>` page, you must also use a `pessimistic` or `optimistic` [`mutationMode`](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Edit.html#mutationmode) - `<AutoSave>` doesn't work with the default `mutationMode="undoable"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using it in an `<Edit>` page, you must also use a `pessimistic` or `optimistic` [`mutationMode`](./Edit.md#mutationmode) - `<AutoSave>` doesn't work with the default `mutationMode="undoable"`.
```
